Add baremetal section with power-cycle remediation to machine health checks doc (#26321)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/machine-health-checks-baremetal.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * machine_management/deploying-machine-health-checks.adoc
// * post_installation_configuration/node-tasks.adoc

> [id="machine-health-checks-baremetal_{context}"]

Reviewer: You don't need to add another module. You need to weave this content into the existing modules.

= MachineHealthChecks on Bare Metal

> Machine deletion on bare metal cluster triggers reprovisioning of a bare metal host.

Reviewer: I think the bulk of the content needs to go in modules/machine-health-checks-about.adoc around line 30.

> Usually bare metal reprovisioning is a lengthy process, in which the cluster 

Reviewer 2: I had to read this a couple of times to understand it, `during` may be more obvious what you mean here
```suggestion
Usually bare metal reprovisioning is a lengthy process, during which the cluster 
```

> is lacking compute power, and some applications are down.

Reviewer 2: Not a guarantee that losing one host would take down applications so maybe reword as below, WDYT?
```suggestion
is missing compute resources and applications may be interrupted.
```

Reviewer: s/may/might

To change the default remediation process from machine deletion to host power-cycle,

> the MachineHealthCheck resource should be annotated with 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
annotate the MachineHealthCheck resource with the
```

> `machine.openshift.io/remediation-strategy: external-baremetal`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`machine.openshift.io/remediation-strategy: external-baremetal` annotation.
```

> `machine.openshift.io/remediation-strategy: external-baremetal`

Reviewer: You also need to add this parameter to modules/machine-health-checks-resource.adoc and add an annotation that explains what it is, like:

```
<37> For bare metal clusters, you must add this annotation. Do not add this parameter to any other cluster type.
```

Author: I'm concerned that some users will copy the yaml as is and use it, even on non-baremetal cluster which can end up with remediation not working.
WDYT from your experience in other areas?

Reviewer: Is there a value for this annotation that's valid for non-baremetal clusters? If so, I'd put that in the YAML and explain the available options, including this one, in the annotation. I expect that people are going to mess this up otherwise because the information is fairly far from where you use it.

Author: > Is there a value for this annotation that's valid for non-baremetal clusters?

Unfortunately not. This annotation is only for bare metal with only one valid value.
I'll be happy to do whatever you think is best for the users

Reviewer: Then add a callout to the stanza that would include that annotation and provide the entire annotation in the callout text.

Author: @kalexand-rh makes sense.
I hope I got it right.

> Once the annotation is set, unhealthy machines will be power-cycled by using 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you set the annotation set, unhealthy machines are power-cycled by using 
```
